I
a Miss Emily Lobeck I'm Dave's daughter
and I'm going to teach you how to make a
great blue cheese spread to put on top
of hamburgers and we're grilling
hamburgers tonight so all you need is
walnuts you need to chop those you need
some blue cheese some cream cheese a
little bit of cognac and some onions
that we're gonna grate in there so I'm
gonna start by crushing these up with a
rolling pin little trick that my dad
taught me right there so I'm gonna take
this cream cheese in here put it in the
milk
it's one whole package I'm gonna stir
that a little bit I've stirred this up a
little bit to make it a little softer to
get it ready for the blue cheese and I'm
going to put a half a package of blue
cheese in there all right that looks
good and then you're adding need to add
your walnuts
and it calls for a half a tablespoon of
cognac I'm just going to eyeball it
you were right fine all right it's not
like rocket well it is kinda like rocket
fuel yeah it is it's pretty strong
all right great about a teaspoon of
onion into here we're going to put some
cracked pepper and salt in here just a
little bit to taste this is kosher salt
that were using it doesn't matter what
kind of salt you use really though mix
it up and then we'll have a taste test
here soon all right that looks about
good this is gonna be so good on a
burger I cannot wait for dinner all
right this is kind of grilling 101 but
it's one of the biggest mistakes I see
grillers encounter is when they make a
hamburger because it usually ends up
shrinking a meatball instead of being a
good hamburger so let me show you
something first of all the quality of
the beef is very important this is from
a local butcher while the product is
local in it's an 80/20 leanness so
there's 20% fat 80% meat you don't want
anything more lean than that because
then it won't hold together when you're
grilling it and it won't have much
flavor and since this is really good be
from we're gonna have a really nice blue
cheese spread on it we're just gonna
salt and pepper these we're not going to
get fancy with any kind of rubber or
anything so anyway you take the animal
burger about the size of a baseball you
don't want to pack it too tight you want
have to still a little have a little
looseness to it but you just flatten it
out this one's a little bigger mother
too and then confront put on a wax paper
it's really important to to let these
come to room temperature which will make
some cuts better if you'll notice I'm
kind of hollowing out something in the
middle or the area in the middle where
it's thinner than the outside portion of
the burger and the reason is when you
grill that it has a tendency to pull
together so if you've already
this thin you'll come out with an even
burner instead of a big meatball so
that's just a little secret for how you
do it then you just hit it with a little
salt a little salt a little pepper
gorilla try to turn it just two or three
times want to get it medium meeting I
like a medium rare but with ground beef
medium so that's how you do the perfect
burger we'll be back to show you what
the blue cheese spread looks like where
it's time to assemble the burger we're
gonna put a thin layer of this spread on
each bun what are these Bennett's we
toasted about to give us some texture
and that's just healthier all right and
then we sauteed up some mushrooms top of
one of the Bennett's all right take a
look at this burger if you'll notice it
did not bunch up into a ball and that
was because of what we did which was
create that hollow or thinner Center
kind of add some lettuce to this one
all right and top it off it's ready to
go